
=====Task===
17/08/2019 - Saturday
Note: All table should start with wms_  and default column - insertimestamp,modifiedtimestamp
1. Create Master table for building,floor,workstation
	Hari - please fill the table details here
	
2. Create a page for admin - floor map with worksation mapping - refer presetn utlization status screen- Bascially this is our allocation screen
	Manager request details
	floordropdown
	Bulk Upload option should be given  - define all the attributes
	Also on the floor map selection should be given to allocate the worksations to the requestid
	While submiting bulk/request - ensure the mapping has done proper - dialgoue box should come
	
3. create a page for project manger
	1. form fields, department,projecid,porjec name,no.resource,typeofdesk,starttime,endtime
	2. onsubmit - send an email to respective team(admin resource)
	3.create AllocationRequest-Table to Req - define all the columns ,hint status of admin,project - First entry will made by project manger
	4.For this screen, you need all your projec table and employee table
	
4. To show all the request to admin - create a screen - refer the MyRequest/Approval
	Hari capture all the columns - selection table - AllocationRequest-Table
5. To show all the request to projectmanger - create a screen - refer the MyRequest/Approval
	Hari capture all the columns - selection table - AllocationRequest-Table

6. Email module	- send email to admin,send email to manger

7. Project manger allocation workstation to the employee - screen
	
	1.bulk upload - hari define all the respective columns
	2.While submiting bulk/request - ensure the mapping has done proper - dialgoue box should come
	
8. reallocation/exteding/deallcation - new screen for extending
	make a request ot facilty amdni - simiarly like new request - but actual column , proid,exisiting request	
	submit 
	
9. for this request by facilty admin , approve it - this is simple approval

10. utlization module is totally different - this is based on employee attendance

11. floormap - background color should in white- to highlight all other status color